hi I'm Natalie with eminence organic
skin care and welcome back to mixology
Monday I've been asked a couple of times
you know what are some of my favorite
treatments to boost up before I want to
head out if I want to go out with some
friends or even heading out for a
holiday of some sorry this is the season
a lot of people going in for spring
break so I love to share this one in
particular we have our beautiful monoi
exfoliate corrective exfoliating
cleanser and why did I pick this today
for mixology Mondays because this
cleanser is extra special it has
multiple actions it has a physical
exfoliation in it which gives you a nice
scrubbing effect to the skin it also has
our aah a cocktail in here so it has a
little bit more of an in deeper effector
exfoliation of the skin really leaving
the skin super super soft and it also
has our age corrective treatments in
there to really help with minimizing any
fine lines and wrinkles so to bump this
up and take it to the next level I love
to mix in our eat greens phyto hot mask
yes I'm telling you this now I'm mixing
a cleanser and a mass together to create
a very unique treatment I picked the hot
version because this is going to bring
up all my blood flow and really bring in
that brightness that I'm looking for it
is super easy it's very stimulating and
the finish is fantastic all you need to
do is you can take one solid pump of the
cleanser and you want to do a even match
of the mask and you mix them together
nice and vigorously until you see that
perfect blend once that's done add a
little bit of water to it and then apply
directly on your skin and you can do
circular motions as well on those key
areas of your t-zone the forehead area
around the nose and of course in the
chin and I would also give a little
extra attention in the neck in the
ducati a area leave it on for about 10
minutes or until the skin is evenly
flushed with color once this is done you
want to remove everything thoroughly
with a warm towel and then you can
continue with additional care with
another mask if you wish a serum a
concentrate and then your moisturizer I
really hope you enjoy one of my favorite
boosts for this time of the year I'm
Natalie with eminence organic skin care
for mixology Monday
you